---
id: faq
title: FAQ
sidebar_label: FAQ
---

**Q:** Maven randomly interrupts deploy and throws socket write error <br>
**A:** It is a common issue on Java 12 due to the bug related to SSL. To resolve this problem, just change Java version used by Maven build, e.g. 8 or 14. 

**Q:** Checksum validation failed on the maven-metadata.xml <br>
**A:** Checksum validation always fails, because Reposilite does not trust the metadata files offered by client - they're generated by server, based on the repository content to ensure consistency. 
It's fine and it does not affect your builds.

**Q:** Repository content is not updated when I use CDN *(like Cloudflare)*<br>
**A:** It is a problem with CDN cache, because Reposilite does not store any files in memory to reduce usage of resources. 
You should take a look at cache policy of your provider. 
For instance, if you use Cloudflare, you can set `Cache Level` to `Bypass` through the custom page rules.

**Q:** Artifacts fail to deploy and I see ``Body already consumed, and was too big to cache. Adjust cache size with `config.requestCacheSize = newMaxSize;` `` in the log <br>
**A:** If you have `debugEnabled`, this can happen with very large artifacts. You can try to tune this by setting the system property `reposilite.requestCacheSize` (defaults to 8MB) to the maximum artifact size. e.g.
`-Dreposilite.requestCacheSize=20MB`. See using [system properties](./configuration#system-properties) for more information on setting this.

**Q:** How to create a valid keystore file <br>
**A:** JKS stands for Java KeyStore format. In most cases people does not really use SSL directly in Reposilite, because they serve it behind some proxy services like Nginx anyway.
The keystore.jks is just the most popular name referenced in JKS resources. You may find various resources related to this topic. Take a look at e.g. on Jenkov's blog or directly in Javalin's/Jetty examples:

* http://tutorials.jenkov.com/java-cryptography/keytool.html
* https://github.com/tipsy/javalin-http2-example

**Q:** Migrating from Nexus to Reposilite <br>
**A:** Since Nexus 3, repositories are stored in a non-browsable way by filesystem. To migrate these files to Reposilite you have to unpack it using an external tool. You can use e.g. [nexus3-export](https://github.com/lbar/nexus3-export) to extract data and then you should be able to import its output as a repository in Reposilite.
